Come and take Old Man Li and the others in
To be punished as a crime
Sir, I am wronged, sir, go
Hahahaha
Okay, okay.
And it was fantastic.
I can have such a young talent in Dajing
It is also the blessing of my well
Thank you
Qingfeng, what do you call a case?
You are clearly a liar
If this doesn't count as a case
Then tell me what constitutes a case resolution
Do you make false accusations like you?
Headstrong like you
Eyes above the top student
Even if you become an official, you are still a mediocre official
Tianzhang, how should you deal with it?
Zhengqing is headstrong and unrepentant
I have separated myself since then
No court for life
Teacher, Wei Min is too much
I am the flute of the Zheng family, you
How could you do that?
bold
Guo Zijian is a place to train officials
Not the back garden of your powerful
Somebody get him out of here
Hey
Teacher, I was wrong, teacher.
Teacher, this is no different
Let adultery settle the sex
I'm afraid my identity is not simple.
that
You just said you wanted to see me.
The business is something that my second uncle invited for a long journey
OK, then you go with me alone
Others are waiting for you here first
Adults please